Hello everyone and welcome to the solution for the first site mock interview question for the large
search engine company.
Just to reiterate what the question was given a dice which rose 1 to 7 with a uniform probability.
We wanted you to simulate a five sided dice and they prefer you write your solution as a function.
So what's the solution here.
So this is a new problem.
We've never seen before at least in the course and many times this question is asked in the form of
function.
So given a function random 7 you have taken it as an input and create random 5.
The key to solving this problem is actually focus on the requirement that the final distribution of
the rules be uniform.
Also you're actually not given any requirements on time and space.
In that case the solution is really simple.
You just keep rerolling if you get to them are greater than five.
So to code this out Montigny life coding is pretty simple.
Here we use from random import Rand I.A..
That's just the random integer generator with uniform probability.
And your solution is you start the roll at 7.
It just needs to be larger than 5.
And while the roll is greater than your roll and if your dice roll is above 7 you just keep doing it
.
Or excuse me above 5.
You just keep doing it again and again until you get a roll a 5 or below.
And so here you're just converting 4:53 by throwing out anything that's above five.
Next problem is going to be a little trick here.
The reverse conversion of the rolls.
But this question should serve as a reminder for you not to over think.
The solution to a question keep in mind that this solution here has the potential to keep running for
infinity if you keep rolling sixes and sevens although that's highly unlikely.
You can actually prove it mathematically.
All right.
Now in the next solution we'll discuss the reverse of this.
Simulate a seven sided die given a five sided die.
I'll see you there.